                                                        Retrieve Data Geospatial

Background

  Geospatial data is data related to geographic location or size dimensions and characteristics of the object or natural 
and manmade or under and above the surface of the earth.

  Geospatial information is a geospatial data that has been processed so that it can be used as a tool in the formulation 
of development policy, the return decision and implementation of activities related to terrestrial space.

Geospatial information can be divided into two general categories:

1. The basic Geographic Information is presenting geospatial information about the object that can be seen directly, 
or measure of physical appearance on earth and that has not changed in a relatively long time.
2. The thematic geospatial information is a geospatial information presents one or more specific themes (related to the earth element)
which dobuat with reference to the basic geospatial information.

Basic Geospatial Information
  Thematic Geospatial Information Geospatial information shall refer to the Association. At DSLAM thematic geospatial infirmasi manufacture,
manufacture prohibited from changing positions and improved the accuracy of geometrical part of geographic information part of 
basic geospatial information. Make a scale larger thematic geospatial information of the scale of basic geospatial information
into reference.

  Thematic geospatial information can be held by government agencies (central and local). Each person. Government agencies
inside arrange thematic geospatial information should be based on the assignment of functions and powers in accordance with
ketenetuan legislation that exists.

Operations in Python
Library pyshop we Pangil manner
      Import Shapfile
 
Class instantiation shapefile to a variable
    Sf Reader shapefile (shp State borders)


Sf is variable instantiation
Shapefile is class
Reader is a method
Bts State shp shp is the parameter file
So here variable is an instance of the class sf shapefile, we can menjalanakan method divariabel instance sf.

method

Sf is divided into two:
1. dbf is sf.fields
to view the attribute table sf.records ()
fatherly retrieve all the records sf.record (n)

2. shp (data objeck) is memangil row to the nth record
calling all the records geometry sf.shapefile
call data to the n-th row

BBOX (Appeal BOX)
A point outskirts map

conclusion:
              Geographic information is the basis of the presentation of geospatial information objects that can be seen directly, 
            or measure of physical appearance on earth and that has not changed in a relatively long time. Geospatial data is data 
            related to geographic location or size dimensions and characteristics of the object or natural and manmade or under and
            above the surface of the earth
            
Suggestion	:
               Retrieve learning Geospatial Data may be developed again and can bertambahn his knowledge and can share Degang people 
            do not understand about retrieving and geospatial.
            
            
Name: Kania Kustiani
NIM: 1144038
Class: D4 Informatics Engineering - 3D

